in this segment sushi chef walks through
the creation of a spicy tuna inside-out
roll topped with in saco and avocado the
chef starts by putting the clump of
sticky rice on the sheet of nori he then
spreads it evenly over the seaweed when
handling the rice you want to make sure
your hands are wet so the rice doesn't
stick to your fingers even turns the
nori upside down and begins to place
cucumber strips on top of the seaweed
he then as the spicy yellowfin tuna this
specific tuna is of the highest quality
using two hands he works the bottom
sheet over the contents in the middle
until he gets a nice looking roll after
the roll is complete he uses a sushi mat
to sculpted perfectly shaped full
he then cuts up avocado and disperses it
evenly on top the roll
again he uses a sushi mat to get a nice
shape
then he covers the roll with cellophane
and cuts the role in the small pieces
you
and for the final touch he adds Masaga
on top of the rolls
there you have it spicy tuna inside out
roll topped with masago and avocado